# *** ******** | Software Developer & Certified Scrum Master
-	Location: Cheltenham, Gloucestershire
-	Phone: ********
-	Email: *******

# Personal profile
Experienced, task driven and engaged software developer with a passion for agile methodologies and delivering value. A leader and catalyst for change.

## Experience and employment history

### Higher Education Statistics Agency
> Collects, processes, and publishes data about all aspects of the higher education landscape in the UK as the trusted source of HE data and analysis.

In addition to current role certified scrum master, Staff forum representative and fire marshal.

#### SOFTWARE DEVELOPER (Jul 2015 – current)
>Outline

##### Key responsibilities
- development and maintenance of data collection system (c#, MVC, Oracle, azure blob storage)
- identify, design, estimate, prioritise and deliver work items in VSTS

##### Key achievements/projects
- Led team on new delivery software used by all scrum teams / projects. Under build control and release. XML configuration.
- software reads, creates, checks, uploads data in file/oracle to customers, running on a schedule.
- volunteered for special team to redesign unistats project - from legacy oracle sql scripts to xml/c# project with unit tests
- selected for project team to oversee redesign of corporate website (outsourced). User workshops and requirements gathering. Subject matter expert.
- redesigned lookup service micro site

#### WEB DEVELOPER (May 2011 – Jul 2015)
>Outline

##### Key responsibilities
- design, maintenance and support for all internal applications (web-based issue tracking, asset tracking, contacts database)
- maintenance of main corporate website (PHP, MYSQL/ORACLE) with e-commerce
- managed 6 micro websites (WordPress/MYSQL)

##### Key achievements/projects
- worked on HEDIIP micro site (WordPress/MYSQL)
- move source code from legacy CVS to TFS

#### DATA ANALYST (Mar 2006 – May 2011)
> To gather requirements and generate specification documents for the development team, to produce reports and quality assure incoming data, to work with publications team to create, check and publish statistical releases.

##### Key responsibilities
-
-
-
##### Key achievements/projects
- Designed, created and specified documentation for a new data collection record
- Generated PL/SQL script to automate manual checking
- Generated, maintained and published data for high profile performance indicators
- trained new members of staff

## Education

### Solent University

#### Business Information Systems 2001-2003
-	HND
#### Business Information Technology (Computing) 1999-2001
-	HND

### North Leamington School
-	2 A Levels, BTEC, 10 GCSEs

