---
layout: post
title: Week 36 - Advanced Training and Marathon Preparation
tags: [38]
tag:
  - runs
---

Getting back to feeling good, I recorded my highest ever weekly mileage clocking a total 38 miles this week.

Monday was the club run - taking a slightly different route back to base we were able to clock in just over 8 miles rather than just under. It was mostly at an easy pace around 9 minute miles, with warm up and cool down I logged 9.4 miles overall.

Tuesday I had a sports massage booked with Penton's Performance Therapy (well recommended) so ran 2.4 miles to get there. Nice and easy.

Wednesday was the club speed session, working on 6x 3 minutes at 5km pace and 2x 5 minutes at 5km pace - using the straights of the square course for speedplay all with 90 seconds walking recovery. All of my intervals were closer to 5km pace than last time - all around 6:50-7:20 minutes per mile.

Saturday is parkrun day so ran 1.5 miles there, did another mile setting up the course (but could have been more, had I switched the Garmin on) 3.1 miles park running at tempo effort and almost negative splitting at 23:06. The cooldown was 1.4 miles totalling 7 miles for the day.

Sunday was an a fast finish long run at 12 miles - Beginning around 9 minute miles I progressed the mid-part of the run to 8.20-8:30 range and the clocked 8:00 for the last two miles.  I was working on fuelling strategy too taking on a Science in Sport Citrus Gel with Caffeine.
I was buzzing for the rest of the day as a non-coffee drinker, I don't consume much or any caffeine.

* 9.4 miles - easy club run
* 2.4 miles - easy commute
* 7.1 miles - speedwork
* 7.0 miles - park run and warm up and down
* 12.0 miles - long run
