---

layout: post
date: 2026-02-21
title: Version 1.7

---

Updated the website a touch today, with a little help from AI, as my cognitive decline and brain fog from ME continues.

_I am more reliant on AI to help do the things I want when I cannot remember the code, specific syntax and logic. But have a good idea of what it is I want and I do still seem able to read and understand the output at least in the moment._

## Changes

- I've added .md files to all posts and page to aid AI which read md formats, I'm hoping I can then ask AI to find things on my site when I need them. The whole premise of the site is my second brain but in public rather than notion or obsidian.
- I've updated the deployment action to copy these files and build the site, over using GitHub's basic page deployment process. This meant updating all other actions to add a deploy step using the reusable workflow call.
- Added a specific feed.xml file (over the dynamically created one from the plugin) and added some customisation here to show quoting author for quote posts including the source URI (this seems a good standard on Daring Fireball and other blog feeds I look at), added a custom footer to posts in the RSS feeds. Similarly updated the JSON feed to match including new feed and item details. Removing the Jekyll-feed plugin from the gemfile as it's no longer needed.
- Updated humans.txt and footer to include the build number
- Added permalinks to all the .well-known standard files
- Updated footer to include the JSON feed, link to LLMs.txt which includes some basic info for AI
- Fixed some URLs and typos in Readme
- Corrected a couple of erroneous data items

Apologies to RSS subscribers who will have just had over 600 items appear in their reader. Not sure how to stop that from happening.
