---
layout: post
syndicate: true
date: 2026-06-13 09:17
title: WeakNotes 2026-06-13
type: blog
---

The World Cup is underway, watching football takes my mind off the pain, insomnia, and helps the passing of time... cannot remember the key details post match, but that's not really a problem here - no skin in the game.

WWDC 26, I liked the focus on incremental improvement and fixing all the little papercuts but less so about the AI and its lack of availability in the EU. People feel too strongly on either direction about AI. But for me it's helpful in fixing, transforming or transferring things in code I cannot reason about on my own any more.

I joined bubbles.town this week and already love the digest and full rss feeds. Although there seems to be some debate going on with the buy-me-a-coffee type links. I have those links just in case someone feels generous. I don't even drink coffee. I was mid-30s before I even tried one. I had ice lattes for about 4 months one summer and not touched them since. The money, if it were to come my way, it would contribute to renewing my domain name or app subscriptions.

- Released new themes for NNW that improves the link finder into an academic footnotes style. Spotted a bug in one feed I read, so will look into it.
- My beta apps on my device have expired, so it's been 90 days since I was able to open Xcode.
- Messaged another blogger, having spotted a bug in their css, seems to have landed well, I hope people would contact me if they spotted an issue here

## Picks

- John Gruber covers the [lack of Siri AI in the EU](https://daringfireball.net/linked/2026/06/11/apple-dma-siri-ai)
- Jeff Geerling on [powering on a Mac remotely](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/blog/2026/power-on-your-mac-remotely/)
- Mijndert Stuij writes about AI when it was [Cheap to write, expensive to own](https://mijndertstuij.nl/posts/cheap-to-write-expensive-to-own/).
